README.md, before:

# Genesis Simple Hook Guide
Find Genesis action hooks quick and easily by seeing their actual locations inside your theme.

## Description
This is a simplified version of [Genesis Visual Hook Guide](https://wordpress.org/plugins/genesis-visual-hook-guide/) by [Christopher Cochran](https://github.com/christophercochran/) with the following changes:

- Hooks are dynamically generated vs being hardcoded
- Clicking anywhere on a hook selects the hook name ready to be easily copied
- Does not show filters and markup

Once installed, this plugin adds a dropdown menu to the admin bar to see the available hooks on the page being viewed in the front end.

Credits:

- [Gary Jones](https://github.com/GaryJones/) for [the idea](http://d.pr/i/qSKK)
- [Sal Ferrarello](https://github.com/salcode) for [the code](http://d.pr/i/h2DA)

**Genesis Theme Framework required.**

## Installation
1. Click on `Clone or download` button, then `Download ZIP`.
2. Extract the zip file and upload the entire `genesis-simple-hook-guide` folder to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
3. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress

## Frequently Asked Questions
### I have my admin bar disabled, can I still view the hooks without it?

Sure! The views are triggered by a query string. Simply add `?gshg_hooks=show` to the end of the URL.

## Screenshots

### "Action Hooks" under "Genesis Hooks" admin bar menu item
!["Action Hooks" under "Genesis Hooks" admin bar menu item](http://d.pr/i/j0ln+ "Action Hooks under Genesis Hooks admin bar menu item")

### Sample screenshot showing Genesis hooks on the Posts page in Genesis sample child theme
![Sample screenshot showing Genesis hooks on the Posts page in Genesis sample child theme](http://d.pr/i/Mjyu+ "Sample screenshot showing Genesis hooks on the Posts page in Genesis sample child theme")

### "Clear" menu item under "Genesis Hooks"
!["Clear" menu item under "Genesis Hooks"](http://d.pr/i/99mn+ "Clear menu item under Genesis Hooks")

## Changelog
**0.0.1**

* Initial Release

**0.0.2**

* Change plugin file named to `genesis-simple-hook-guide.php`
* Add `Text Domain: genesis-simple-hook-guide`
* esc_url add_query_arg() and remove_query_arg()
* Add a check for Genesis so the admin bar links get added only when Genesis is active
* Change `g_hooks` to `gshg_hooks`

**0.0.3**

* Replace onclick with event listener

Commit message:

Add a link to hooks demo site.

README.md, after:

# Genesis Simple Hook Guide
Find Genesis action hooks quick and easily by seeing their actual locations inside your theme.

## Description
This is a simplified version of [Genesis Visual Hook Guide](https://wordpress.org/plugins/genesis-visual-hook-guide/) plugin by [Christopher Cochran](https://github.com/christophercochran/) with the following changes:

- Hooks are dynamically generated vs being hardcoded
- Clicking anywhere on a hook selects the hook name ready to be easily copied
- Does not show filters and markup

Once installed, this plugin adds a dropdown menu to the admin bar to see the available hooks on the page being viewed in the front end.

### [Genesis Simple Hook Guide Hooks Live Demo](http://hooks.wpdemos.co/)

Credits:

- [Gary Jones](https://github.com/GaryJones/) for [the idea](http://d.pr/i/qSKK)
- [Sal Ferrarello](https://github.com/salcode) for [the code](http://d.pr/i/h2DA)

**Genesis Theme Framework required.**

## Installation
1. Click on `Clone or download` button, then `Download ZIP`.
2. Extract the zip file and upload the entire `genesis-simple-hook-guide` folder to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
3. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress

## Frequently Asked Questions
### I have my admin bar disabled, can I still view the hooks without it?

Sure! The views are triggered by a query string. Simply add `?gshg_hooks=show` to the end of the URL.

## Screenshots

### "Action Hooks" under "Genesis Hooks" admin bar menu item
!["Action Hooks" under "Genesis Hooks" admin bar menu item](http://d.pr/i/j0ln+ "Action Hooks under Genesis Hooks admin bar menu item")

### Sample screenshot showing Genesis hooks on the Posts page in Genesis sample child theme
![Sample screenshot showing Genesis hooks on the Posts page in Genesis sample child theme](http://d.pr/i/Mjyu+ "Sample screenshot showing Genesis hooks on the Posts page in Genesis sample child theme")

### "Clear" menu item under "Genesis Hooks"
!["Clear" menu item under "Genesis Hooks"](http://d.pr/i/99mn+ "Clear menu item under Genesis Hooks")

## Changelog
**0.0.1**

* Initial Release

**0.0.2**

* Change plugin file named to `genesis-simple-hook-guide.php`
* Add `Text Domain: genesis-simple-hook-guide`
* esc_url add_query_arg() and remove_query_arg()
* Add a check for Genesis so the admin bar links get added only when Genesis is active
* Change `g_hooks` to `gshg_hooks`

**0.0.3**

* Replace onclick with event listener
